DOC-2581: Uploadcare new plugin documentation. (#3515)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/uploadcare.adoc

| Provides tools for adjusting image properties:

|
| Brightness
| image:icons/brightness.svg[brightness.svg]
| Adjusts the image brightness.

|
| Contrast
| image:icons/contrast.svg[contrast.svg]
| Adjusts the image contrast.

|
| Exposure
| image:icons/exposure.svg[exposure.svg]
| Adjusts the image exposure.

|
| Gamma
| image:icons/gamma.svg[gamma.svg]
| Adjusts the image gamma.

|
| Vibrance
| image:icons/vibrance.svg[vibrance.svg]
| Adjusts the image vibrance.

|
| Saturation
| image:icons/saturation.svg[saturation.svg]
| Adjusts the image saturation.

|
| Warmth
| image:icons/warmth.svg[warmth.svg]
| Adjusts the image warmth.

|
| Grayscale
| image:icons/grayscale.svg[grayscale.svg]
| Converts the image to grayscale.

|
| Invert Colors
| image:icons/invert.svg[invert.svg]
| Inverts the image colors.

|
| Sharpen
| image:icons/sharpen.svg[sharpen.svg]
| Sharpens the image.

|
| Blur
| image:icons/blur.svg[blur.svg]
| Blurs the image.

| Revert Changes
|
| image:icons/revert-changes.svg[revert-changes.svg]
| Restores the image to its original state by undoing all edits.
|===

== Options

The following configuration options affect the behavior of the {pluginname} plugin.

> include::partial$configuration/{plugincode}.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Author: Updated in [this commit](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/pull/3515/commits/0db80d66317a6e061ed86598502fc7f13aeb6128)

== Key benefits

* Improve page loading speed and save on bandwidth by serving images in the optimal size, format, and compression based on the visitor's browser and device.
* Ditch the image editor and adjust images right inside {productname} with non-destructive transformations and adjustments. Change your mind any time!
* Stay safe and compliant with secure uploads, built in malware protection, and unsafe content detection
* Enterprise-ready scalable cloud storage provided by Uploadcare, delivered through its lightning-fast global CDN, and compliant with SOC2 and GDPR standards.

== Interactive example

liveDemo::{plugincode}[]

== Basic setup

To add the {pluginname} plugin to the editor, add `{plugincode}` to the `plugins` option in the editor configuration.

For example:

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'uploadcare',
  toolbar: 'uploadcare',
  uploadcare_public_key: '<your-public-key>',
  // uploadcare_signed_upload_auth_provider: (_publicKey) => Promise.resolve({
  //   signature: 'sig',
  //   expire: 123
  // }), // Recommended option for secure uploads
});
----

[NOTE]

> The {pluginname} plugin overrides the xref:quickbars.adoc[Quickbar] plugin. To ensure a better user experience, avoid using xref:quickbars.adoc[Quickbar] when using the {pluginname} plugin.

Reviewer: Not sure about the English here but they can use `uploadcare` with `quickbars` it will just at the moment of writing produce two `image` buttons since both plugins provide the same functionallity however we have overriden the `quickimage` to insert a UC placeholder.

```suggestion
The {pluginname} plugin overrides the xref:quickbars.adoc[Quickbar] quickimage toolbar item. To ensure a better user experience and to avoid having two image buttons configure `quickbars_insert_toolbar` to omit the `quickimage` toolbar item.
```

== Image Operations

Below is an overview of the features of the {pluginname} plugin includes for image optimization:

[cols="1,1,^1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Feature | Operation | Icon | Description

| Align
|
| image:icons/align-left.svg[align-left.svg]
| Provides alignment options for the image or element.

|
| Align Left
| image:icons/align-left.svg[align-left.svg]
| Aligns the image to the left.

|
| Align Centre
| image:icons/align-center.svg[align-center.svg]
| Centers the image.

|
| Align Right
| image:icons/align-right.svg[align-right.svg]
| Aligns the image to the right.

| Transform
|
| image:icons/transform-image.svg[transform-image.svg]
| Allows users to apply transformations to the image:

|

> | Rotate Counterclockwise

Reviewer: This was last minute renamed to `Rotate left` both terms seems fine the clockwise/counterclockwise is more precise but left and right might be more user friendly. I guess we can still keep the counterclockwise description then it hard to miss what it's doing from the docs.

Author: Updated in last commit.

| image:icons/rotate-left.svg[rotate-left.svg]
| Rotates the image counterclockwise.

|

> | Rotate Clockwise

Reviewer: This was last minute renamed to `Rotate right`.

| Adds alternative text to describe the image for accessibility purposes.

| Caption
|
| image:icons/caption.svg[caption.svg]
| Adds a caption below the image for additional context.

| Adjust
|
| image:icons/adjustments.svg[adjustments.svg]
| Provides tools for adjusting image properties:

|
| Brightness
| image:icons/brightness.svg[brightness.svg]
| Adjusts the image brightness.

|
| Contrast
| image:icons/contrast.svg[contrast.svg]
| Adjusts the image contrast.

|
| Exposure
| image:icons/exposure.svg[exposure.svg]
| Adjusts the image exposure.

|
| Gamma
| image:icons/gamma.svg[gamma.svg]
| Adjusts the image gamma.

|
| Vibrance
| image:icons/vibrance.svg[vibrance.svg]
| Adjusts the image vibrance.

|
| Saturation
| image:icons/saturation.svg[saturation.svg]
| Adjusts the image saturation.

|
| Warmth
| image:icons/warmth.svg[warmth.svg]
| Adjusts the image warmth.

|
| Grayscale
| image:icons/grayscale.svg[grayscale.svg]
| Converts the image to grayscale.

|
| Invert Colors
| image:icons/invert.svg[invert.svg]
| Inverts the image colors.

|
| Sharpen
| image:icons/sharpen.svg[sharpen.svg]
| Sharpens the image.

|
| Blur
| image:icons/blur.svg[blur.svg]
| Blurs the image.

> | Revert Changes

Reviewer: This was renamed last minute to `Revert`

| Aligns the image to the left.

|
| Align Centre
| image:icons/align-center.svg[align-center.svg]
| Centers the image.

|
| Align Right
| image:icons/align-right.svg[align-right.svg]
| Aligns the image to the right.

| Transform
|
| image:icons/transform-image.svg[transform-image.svg]
| Allows users to apply transformations to the image:

|
| Rotate Left
| image:icons/rotate-left.svg[rotate-left.svg]
| Rotates the image counterclockwise (left).

|
| Rotate Right
| image:icons/rotate-right.svg[rotate-right.svg]
| Rotates the image clockwise (right).

|
| Flip Vertically
| image:icons/flip-vertically.svg[flip-vertically.svg]
| Flips the image vertically.

|
| Flip Horizontally
| image:icons/flip-horizontally.svg[flip-horizontally.svg]
| Flips the image horizontally.

|
| Resize
| image:icons/resize.svg[resize.svg]
| Changes the size of the image.

| Alt Text
|
| image:icons/alt-text.svg[alt-text.svg]
| Adds alternative text to describe the image for accessibility purposes.

|
| Decorative Image
| image:icons/image-decorative.svg[image-decorative.svg]
a|
* Marks the image as decorative, indicating it doesn't require alternative text for accessibility.

> * This icon will only appear when the `a11y_advanced_options` configuration option is enabled.

Author: Fixed in last commit Thanks @FarzadHayat

* Stay safe and compliant with built-in unsafe content detection, malware protection, and adherence to SOC2, and GDPR standards. 

[NOTE]
**Image Optimizer** is currently only available for cloud or self-hosted customers via our sales-assisted channel. It will be available to self-service customers in early 2025.

== Interactive example

liveDemo::{plugincode}[]

== Basic setup

To add the {pluginname} plugin to the editor, add `{plugincode}` to the `plugins` option in the editor configuration.

For example:

[source,js]
----
tinymce.init({
  selector: "textarea",
  plugins: 'uploadcare',
  toolbar: 'uploadcare',
  uploadcare_public_key: 'your_public_key',
});
----

== Image optimization features overview

Below is an overview of the features of the {pluginname} plugin includes for image optimization:

[cols="1,1,1,^1,3",options="header"]
|===
| Feature | Sub-feature | Operation | Icon | Description

| Upload from device
|
|
| image:icons/folder.svg[folder.svg]
| Allows users to upload an image or file directly from their local device.

| Upload from URL
|
|
| image:icons/link.svg[link.svg]

> | Allows users to upload an image or file from a specified URL.

Author: @FarzadHayat Agree, I can can split out upload methods to a seperate table, update the image operations, add missing resize to Transform that would be great.
Thanks for taking a look into this.
